What's wrong, my lord?
Send me not your daughter
Pardon me?
Do you have any evidence?
I went to the grandmother who adopted the little master
He said that the name he took after adopting the little master was not Song Ming
But what he said on the Internet is called Xiaowu.
Song Wu's nickname is Xiao Wu
I don't know exactly.
Before I ask
The old man fell into a coma again
He is in poor physical condition now.
Sir, do you want to meet him?
I am grateful to him for saving my daughter's life
But he also hid him for 20 years
20 years
Do you know how I got here?
If Song is not my daughter
Where is my daughter?
I'm not in a good mood right now
Let's talk about seeing him later
Send it to me, I will also doubt it.
But he has my preparations
When the preparation cannot be placed
So you can't go wrong.
adult
Cut it out.
Send me my daughter in the future
Go help
No, I have to keep checking
Although the adult who gave it to me had a cow pendant back then
But I still don't feel right
Right
I have to do a paternity test for the adults and Song Wu
Then we'll go to Donnannon's country and do a survey
Sun Wu, Sun Liancheng Monk Noble Person
It is best not to lie to our adults.
otherwise
Your 10,000 Sun families are not enough to die